furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he
disbelieves and abhors is sinful and tyrannical."(13)

     Nearly 150 years ago, Abraham Lincoln said: "I insist that if there is
*anything* which it is the duty of the *whole people* to never entrust to
any hands but their own, that thing is the preservation and perpetuity of
their own liberties and institutions."(14)

     The U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, and the council which runs it, as
agencies of the government in which the American people is sovereign, must
be removed from the special interest that now controls it.

     The scope and purpose of the Museum must be expanded, from its present
one-sided emphasis on foreign Jewish sufferings, real and imagined, in
Europe during the 1930s and 1940s to a compassionate yet realistic concern
for *all* victims, but above all for *American* victims, of historic
injustice.

     The Museum must be made a place where Americans of every heritage, and
scholars of every viewpoint, may gather, educate, and be educated, without
accusation and in the absence of propaganda.  Until it is, the men and
women who founded and built and suffered and fought and died for America,
of every race, nationality and creed, will rest uneasy.


NOTES

     1. _The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Newsletter_
(Washington, D.C.), August, 1990, "Survivors Play Major Role in
Establishing the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum," p.1. Meed is president of
the American Gathering of Holocaust Survivors, and chairman of the U.S.
Holocaust Memorial Council's Content and Days of Remembrance committees.

     2. In l976, Prof. Arthur Butz's book _The Hoax of the Twentieth
Century: The Case Against the Presumed Extermination of European Jewry_ was
first published in England; in November of 1978 Prof. Robert Faurisson's
article "The Problem of the Gas Chambers" was published in the Paris daily
_Le Monde_. Butz has commented on the simultaneous and independent
appearance of a variety of earlier academic criticisms of the wartime
propaganda version of Jewry's ordeal in "The International Holocaust
Controversy," _The Journal of Historical Review_, Spring, 1980, pp. 5-22.

     3. By Resolution of the UN General Assembly on Novembe 10, 1975,
Zionism was condemned as "a form of racism and racial discrimination."

     4. Public Law 96-388, 1, October 7, 1980, 94 Stat. 1547.

     5. Statements regarding the museum's permanent exhibit, except where
otherwise noted, are derived from the floor plan and photographs in _United
States Holocaust Memorial Museum_, a brochure published by the USHMC in
Washington 1991.

     6. _U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum Newsletter_, Sept., 1991, "French
Resistance Fighter's Weapon Will Help Tell Story of Underground Movement."
p.4

     7. _U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum Newsletter_, fall. 1992, "Russian
Embassy Presents Flags of Liberating Units to Museum," p.6.

     8. For the most complete account of relations between the Nazis and
the Zionists, see Francis Nicosia, _The Third Reich and the Palestine
Question_, Austin: University of Texas, 1985

     9. The most complete survey of holocaust revisionist writings to date
is Carlo Mattogno's "The Myth of the Extermination of the Jews--Part II,"
in _The Journal of Historical Review_ (fall, 1988), pp. 261-302.

     10. _U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum Newsletter_, May, 1992, "Denying
the Holocaust: The Growing Assault on Truth," p.6.

     11. _U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum Newsletter_, November, 1991,
"Wexner Family donates $5 Million to Fund Interactive Learning Center,"
p.1.

     12. The "identity cards" and other features of the museum are
described in the brochure cited in note 5 above; Lerman's statement was
included in a fundraising letter sent by the museum to potential Jewish
contributors in 1991.

     13. From "A Bill for Establishing Religious Freedom," 1779, in
_Jefferson: Magnificent Populist_, edited by Martin Larson, Greenwich,
Conn.: Devin-Adair, 1981. p.319.

     14. "Speech at Peoria, Illinois." October 16, 1854, in _The American
Intellectual Tradition_, Vol. 1, edited by David Hollinger and Charles
Capper, New York: Oxford University Press, 1989, p. 382.

___________________________________________________________________________

     Theodore J. O'Keefe is an editor with the Institute for Historical
Review.  Educated at Harvard University, he has studied history and
literature on three continents, and has published numerous articles on
historical and political subjects.
___________________________________________________________________________


     The IHR publishes numerous revisionist books, tapes and other
materials, as well as the bi-monthly _Journal of Historical Review_.  Send
$2 for a complete catalog and selection of literature.  More copies of this
leaflet are available, postpaid, at the following prices:

                             10 copies, $2
                             50 copies, $5
                    100 copies or more, 8 cents each

                    INSTITUTE FOR HISTORICAL REVIEW
                             P.O. Box 2739
                        Newport Beach, CA 92659

-=End


-Dan Gannon

-- 
dgannon@techbook.COM  Public Access User --- Not affiliated with TECHbooks
Public Access UNIX and Internet at (503) 220-0636 (1200/2400, N81)
